here's top-of-the-range SUV the Sorento
is a leading vehicle in acceptor with a
pioneering combination of both face and
comfort fit for any purpose and ready
for whatever adventure you throw at it
not all SUVs are strong enough to have a
seven-year warranty but this one is and
what better place to test it than here
the Sorento comes in either two or
four-wheel drive so you can get to
choose whichever suits your purpose if
you have the 4x4 equipped model you can
choose to run the 4x4 mode yourself or
let the Sorento decide using its highly
sophisticated intelligent
four-wheel-drive system the Sorento can
instantly change from two to four wheel
drive as the conditions demand in normal
driving conditions the Sorento operates
in two-wheel drive mode saving fuel and
reducing harmful emissions the Sorento
also has other clever technologies which
make driving as stress-free as possible
a hill descent control feature maintains
the car speed at five miles per hour
whilst on steep descents while the Hill
Start Assist prevents the car from
rolling backwards when pulling away
uphill Sorrento boasts either a
six-speed manual or 6-speed automatic
gearbox so you can personalize your
driving experience depending on which
you prefer to use fuel consumption is
also exceptionally low for an SUV and
co2 emissions are as low as 171 grams
per kilometer on some models in the
range this is due to all tradition
engine designs as well as the use of
lightweight construction makers make you
a sorento as economical as possible
integrated sat-nav is also available
boasting amongst the largest integrated
screens out there it also has an
intuitive touchscreen so it's easy to
use and you can just enjoy the driving
experience and forget those and
navigational stresses the interior is
spacious and light with a large
panoramic sunroof giving the cabin a
bright and bold feel this lightness of
design is consistent throughout the body
of the sorento bring a sense of agility
to the bold aesthetics large impressive
wheels complete the picture of style but
with an underlying hint of ruggedness
depending on your needs up to 7 feet are
available in the Sorento
the two most rear would see cleverly
fold into the floor leaving you the
maximum amount of the luggage room when
you need it the seven seats can be
customized and arranged in different
positions the rear passenger seats can
fold down if you need to sweep the kids
bikes in or keep them all up when
fitting in passengers whatever the need
the sorento could fit around you the
Sorento also has xenon lights available
producing up to 50% more light than
standard bulbs with the distinct blue
tint of natural daylight making night
driving easier on the eyes the bold
styling and unique mix of agility and
comfort that the Sorento provides makes
it a practical vehicle for any place you
find yourself in on or off road this SUV
provides a smooth and reliable
experience so just visit your dealership
and book yourself a test drive or visit
the website below for more information
on this computer group new range I hope
that's given you some insight into the
kia sorento and don't forget the sorento
comes with Kier's pioneering seven year
warranty
thanks for watching and see you again
soon